source/events/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Events"
date: 2013-08-07 23:06
color: "#B8584B"
comments: true
sharing: true
footer: true
parent_url: "/"
---

![](http://s3.amazonaws.com/theironyard/new-photos/original/15/grok.jpg)

### Greenville Grok - _May 30 - June 1, 2013_

A three day event sans the how-to sessions from industry leaders. We think a 10 minute session of hard questions from a new face is as good as a lock-tight answer from an old pro. We started Grok because we wanted to learn big, and go big.

[LEARN MORE](/events/grok)

* * *

![](http://s3.amazonaws.com/theironyard/new-photos/original/16/indie.jpg)

### Indie Craft Parade - _Fall 2013_

Indie Craft Parade is a public market that brings together many of the best artists and their handmade goods from across the Southeast. For three days, you'll enjoy quality crafts, local food, and the opportunity to make friends and connections with the artists themselves.

[LEARN MORE](/events/indie-craft-parade)

* * *

![](http://s3.amazonaws.com/theironyard/new-photos/original/17/makers.jpg)

### The Makers Summit - _Spring, 2014_

Connect with fellow creatives while learning how to start or grow your creative business, hear practical advice from industry experts and participate in collective discussions.

[LEARN MORE](/events/the-makers-summit)

Commit message:

updated content on the events landing page, including adding new images

source/events/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Events"
date: 2013-08-07 23:06
color: "#B8584B"
description: "We set out to build the events we've always wanted to attend."
comments: true
sharing: true
footer: true
parent_url: "/"
sub_nav: 
  - name: "Grok"
    slug: "grok"
  - name: "Indie Craft Parade"
    slug: "indie-craft-parade"
  - name: "The Makers Summit"
    slug: "the-makers-summit"
---

<img src="/images/events/landing-page/events-landing-page-indie-craft-parade.jpg" style="border-radius: 3px; margin-top: 15px;">

### Indie Craft Parade - _September 7-8, 2013_

Indie Craft Parade is a public market that brings together many of the best artists and their handmade goods from across the Southeast. For three days, you'll enjoy quality crafts, local food, and the opportunity to make friends and connections with the artists themselves.

<a href="/events/indie-craft-parade" class="button">LEARN MORE</a>

* * *

<img src="/images/events/landing-page/events-landing-page-makers-summit.jpg" style="border-radius: 3px; margin-top: 15px;">

### The Makers Summit - _March 1, 2013_

Connect with fellow creatives while learning how to start or grow your creative business, hear practical advice from industry experts and participate in collective discussions.

<a href="/events/the-makers-summit" class="button">LEARN MORE</a>

* * *

<img src="/images/events/landing-page/events-landing-page-grok.jpg" style="border-radius: 3px; margin-top: 15px;">

### Greenville Grok - _Spring, 2014_

A three day event sans the how-to sessions from industry leaders. We think a 10 minute session of hard questions from a new face is as good as a lock-tight answer from an old pro. We started Grok because we wanted to learn big, and go big.

<a href="/events/grok" class="button">LEARN MORE</a>
