source/education/labs/build-a-website/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Learn to build a website!"
date: 2013-07-31 15:39
color: "#CE822C"
comments: true
sharing: true
footer: true
parent_url: "/education/labs"
---

<img src="/images/education/labs/build-a-website.jpg" style="border-radius: 3px;">

### Website Basics: HTML and CSS

In our after school website class, students learn internet fundamentals, how the browser works, and the basics of building things for the web. While gaining a working knowledge of both markup and CSS, kids will craft their very own website. (You'll have to print it out to put it on the fridge, mom and dad.)

---
<a id="schedule"></a>
### 2013 Greenville Schedule

<a href="https://tito.io/the-iron-yard/greenville-labs-build-a-website-september-2013" class="button"> September 10th - October 15th</a>  

<a href="https://tito.io/the-iron-yard/greenville-labs-build-a-website-november-2013" class="button"> November 5th - December 10th</a>

### 2013 Spartanburg Schedule

> #### *Signups coming soon!*

---
<a id="faq"></a>
## FAQ

#### My child is younger than 13. Is there any way he/she can take the class?

If your child has completed CoderDojo Scratch, CoderDojo Electronics, or both, they may take this course. We don't accept students younger than 8 years old.

#### I registered interest in a full class. How will I know if my child gets in?

If a student in a full class drops out before the course starts, we will give their spot to those who registered interest on a first-come-first serve basis. 

#### Do I need to sign any legal paperwork in order for my child to take the class? 

We require every student to have a waiver/release form signed by a parent or guardian. You will recieve a link to this form when you sign up for a ticket. 

{% sidebar %}

### Ready to learn?

To sign up for a class, [check our schedule](#schedule) and reserve a ticket. If the class is full, you can sign up for another session or 'register your interest' and we'll add you to the waitlist. 

---

#### Greenville class details

**Day**: Tuesdays  
**Time**: 3:30-4:30pm  
**Location**: The NEXT Center  
**Address**: 411 University Ridge, Suite 220  
**Duration**: 6 weeks  
**Ages**: 13 - 18 *(or CoderDojo graduate)*  
**Cost**: $35/class

#### Spartanburg class details

**Day**: TBD  
**Time**: TBD  
**Location**: The Mill 
**Address**: 151 S. Daniel Morgan Ave.  
**Duration**: 6 weeks  
**Ages**: 13 - 18 *(or CoderDojo graduate)*  
**Cost**: $35/class

---

Questions? [Read our FAQ](#faq) or [send us an email](mailto:labs@theironyard.com?subject=I have a question about the website class).

{% endsidebar %}

Commit message:

added a volunteer signup link to the education labs build a website page in the sidebar content

source/education/labs/build-a-website/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Learn to build a website!"
date: 2013-07-31 15:39
color: "#CE822C"
comments: true
sharing: true
footer: true
parent_url: "/education/labs"
---

<img src="/images/education/labs/build-a-website.jpg" style="border-radius: 3px;">

### Website Basics: HTML and CSS

In our after school website class, students learn internet fundamentals, how the browser works, and the basics of building things for the web. While gaining a working knowledge of both markup and CSS, kids will craft their very own website. (You'll have to print it out to put it on the fridge, mom and dad.)

---
<a id="schedule"></a>
### 2013 Greenville Schedule

<a href="https://tito.io/the-iron-yard/greenville-labs-build-a-website-september-2013" class="button"> September 10th - October 15th</a>  

<a href="https://tito.io/the-iron-yard/greenville-labs-build-a-website-november-2013" class="button"> November 5th - December 10th</a>

### 2013 Spartanburg Schedule

> #### *Signups coming soon!*

---
<a id="faq"></a>
## FAQ

#### My child is younger than 13. Is there any way he/she can take the class?

If your child has completed CoderDojo Scratch, CoderDojo Electronics, or both, they may take this course. We don't accept students younger than 8 years old.

#### I registered interest in a full class. How will I know if my child gets in?

If a student in a full class drops out before the course starts, we will give their spot to those who registered interest on a first-come-first serve basis. 

#### Do I need to sign any legal paperwork in order for my child to take the class? 

We require every student to have a waiver/release form signed by a parent or guardian. You will recieve a link to this form when you sign up for a ticket. 

{% sidebar %}

### Ready to learn?

To sign up for a class, [check our schedule](#schedule) and reserve a ticket. If the class is full, you can sign up for another session or 'register your interest' and we'll add you to the waitlist. 

---

#### Volunteer!

Volunteers are always welcome. Come join the fun! 

<a href="http://eepurl.com/DWqpb" class="button"> Sign up to volunteer!</a>

---
#### Greenville class details

**Day**: Tuesdays  
**Time**: 3:30-4:30pm  
**Location**: The NEXT Center  
**Address**: 411 University Ridge, Suite 220  
**Duration**: 6 weeks  
**Ages**: 13 - 18 *(or CoderDojo graduate)*  
**Cost**: $35/class

#### Spartanburg class details

**Day**: TBD  
**Time**: TBD  
**Location**: The Mill 
**Address**: 151 S. Daniel Morgan Ave.  
**Duration**: 6 weeks  
**Ages**: 13 - 18 *(or CoderDojo graduate)*  
**Cost**: $35/class

---

Questions? [Read our FAQ](#faq) or [send us an email](mailto:labs@theironyard.com?subject=I have a question about the website class).

{% endsidebar %}
